Rapid7 appsec (#29134)
demisto/content: Packs/Rapid7AppSec/README.md

# Rapid7 AppSec Pack

> Rapid7 AppSec content pack is designed to help users manage applications vulnerabilities and scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rapid7 AppSec content pack is designed to help users manage application vulnerabilities and scans.
```
